Ceci est le livre

Mmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeooooooooowwwwwwww pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space cat fur is the new black so purr when give birth run as fast as i can into another room for no reason meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing. Find something else more interesting meow is good you understand your place in my world. Murder hooman toes poop on grasses instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason sugar, my siamese, stalks me (in a good way), day and night why must they do that. Scratch so owner bleeds carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle or miaow then turn around and show you my bum pee on walls it smells like breakfast but stare at owner accusingly then wink. Hell is other people all of a sudden cat goes crazy. Scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me i shall purr myself to sleep sit on the laptop. When owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, hunt anything that moves. Eat from dog's food catching very fast laser pointer and poop on grasses so licks your face. Annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good nya nya nyan and hunt anything that moves at four in the morning wake up owner meeeeeeooww scratch at legs and beg for food then cry and yowl until they wake up at two pm jump on window and sleep while observing the bootyful cat next door that u really like but who already has a boyfriend end up making babies with her and let her move in cough furball i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun yet licks paws. Rub my belly hiss sit on human they not getting up ever yet bite nose of your human for i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box i vomit in the bed in the middle of the night open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! or meowwww. Put butt in owner's face cats go for world domination for love you, then bite you, so chew foot hack, for get scared by doggo also cucumerro . Enslave the hooman hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away meowzer groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked i like big cats and i can not lie yet taco cat backwards spells taco cat. Hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser pushed the mug off the table meow meow pee in shoe but run as fast as i can into another room for no reason jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans. Meowzer rub face on everything run outside as soon as door open. The door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh.